friends here are concept.
Please bite on shuttle model.
See,
this shuttle model is the default model with your pipes on two or by country on.
This model provides us a number off high level operations on files and directories.
They are like copy,
more removed and much more.
See,
using ways model also weaken.
Do some file operations,
but combat ways model shuttle model is having our drones level operations first,
let me show you the list off operations or functions which are available with your shuttle
Modern.
So we have some syntax to list them.
Let me open my colonel.
Bite on shell.
First,
let me import shuttle model,
then simply used a or shuttle.
If you ever hear we're having different types off error exception handling on some
operations with your shuttle modern.
There are different types off operations,
right?
So here,
I'm going to explain aboard your shuttle model,
step by step.
So in this part,
we're going to discuss a boat operations with copy liger thing.
I suppose if you want to copy files or directories using turtle model,
then what are the functions are available with the washer till morning,
right?
See that if you have that here.
Copy.
Copy to copy file.
These are the copy littered operations with your shuttle model.
And one more thing,
you can you the shuttle model with UNIX,
like system also.
So this is my send ways.
Let me enter into my pipe on three.
On here.
Also,
you can import your shuttle when he can see the list off operations.
Right.
So here our concert,
please.
How to copy files with your shuttle model?
Soto,
copy.
We're having different types off functions with your shuttle model.
Why?
These many operations are functions.
Let me explain them step by step.
So suppose we're going to discuss all these things,
right?
So first of all,
let me take my complete fight on part.
So this is my fight on three parts on this host.
So already taking a script name as should be part one dot the way?
No.
So if you want to copy a file,
you need source and destination First,
let me take source.
I mean,
some fighting.
So I'm taking from this location one of the fight.
Let me take one by one.
So,
source in this location I house up with this creep So I'm taking that then destination.
Also,
I'm taking same part first,
so if you take same,
but there is no use,
but I guess if you take same,
but what will happen?
Shuttle dot Copy.
Fine.
So that is if you go in this order than it is very easy to understand about all these
operations.
So I will write my order to explain about copy operations with the what?
Shuttle model?
That's fine.
So shuttle copy file source to destination.
No,
just come here.
So you hope this strip,
so no,
Let me run this and see the result.
What happened?
Yeah,
I forgot to import shuttle model.
Let me import that first,
nor understand.
See the desert.
Same file.
Hello.
So your shuttle model is giving an exception.
Same file error,
actually,
if you want to.
Ah,
copy a file from source of destination by taking so so.
Conditions are same with same filing.
Then there is no use support.
I won't take a backup.
Then there is some use,
right?
So I'm taking this Knysna as some back off.
I know you feel run this so I'm running our script now.
It's done.
Now again.
See list files walking with remorse and was not the way these the file and we have taken
called back off for that.
Right?
And if you observe here,
this file was created.
Suppose September 22nd.
But this will creator just know.
And what are the permissions here?
These permissions and these permissions are completely different.
But why taking backup?
Suppose I want to house same permissions off my source file,
then don't use copy file the news copy.
Simply settle,
not copy,
source and destination.
So before going to take it,
I am removing previous backup fight.
Let's be clear.
So why?
I am taking copy into off copy files.
See you for dick.
Copy Fight.
It is not preserving the permissions off your source of file to your destination.
Fine,
but if you go with copy What?
Don't The permissions are there with your source file.
Same permissions will be there for your destination file as well.
No,
let me run our script on offer that Just see that this is the back off.
I just know we have taken using you were a copy operation and see the permissions he had
under here.
Now they are seen But apart from permissions,
I want to know how the entire meta data as a tease.
Whatever it is there for your source file that entire matter data I want for your
destination file as well.
That means timestamp also,
I don't want to change.
I want to get this times time for my backup file.
Then use copy two months.
So they say if you come from here to here but emissions the way I'm taking copy operations
,
same permissions for sore sent destination.
So now I'm using Shea till the heart copy to operation.
So before that,
let me remove once again my backup file.
And no,
I'm running.
I was script.
I will see there is a 40.
We heard back off.
Fight on your order source on this nation?
No,
for the board.
The files were having same permissions and same times time,
right?
So seem meta data for this nation as well.
That's a So now we done with copy file first,
then copy,
then copy Toe.
Right.
Copy.
Then go with copy too.
No.
You have some idea why we're using copy file or copy or copy toe right now.
Let me go with copy more First,
we're done with this three.
Right now.
Let me go with copy more.
I see nothing.
Is there?
Copy more.
What?
The world.
The permissions are there with your source of file.
That part emissions only I want to get for my some destination file.
But here,
make sure that it is not copying your file.
It is giving only permissions off source files.
Destination file.
See that?
Suppose if you have got here,
let me.
Yeah,
for this only I'm giving some permissions.
Seven w So for this shuttle model,
we're having seven double Jiro permissions.
So this permissions I want to provide for this fight,
Then take this as the source file.
Very simple days.
Whatever the permissions are there with the word source.
If I that permissions will be given to your destination file.
Now let me come.
And this.
So before running our script,
yeah,
we need to wired soon Backs as well,
right?
Shut the door.
Copy moon source and destination.
Be clear.
It is giving only permissions off your source files for destination file.
Make sure that your source Sunday's nation must be exist,
right?
No.
So before running our by done scrip.
What is the part?
Mission.
Solve this 77 fight Double seven fight.
Now we are providing this permissions to this file.
So we have given for that logic in our script.
So no ticket.
So one of the permissions are day for your back of fine what all the permissions are there
for.
You are.
This is scraped that permissions has provided to your destination file.
But we are not copping.
See that God,
right?
These different content anywhere.
This file is different country.
So with the with our logic,
we're providing only more permission off this file to this fight.
But we are not copying.
Be clear.
That's fine.
Then.
Copy.
Stand.
See why we're using copy to operation Way copying.
I want to get entire meta data off this file to this nation for him.
So it was You already created your destination file,
but you want to get some moderate off some file,
So I mean,
you want to assign some meta data off a file to another fight?
Nothing.
Is that suppose I just updated there.
So we created this file number one.
What other data is dead here?
I mean,
date is that 22.
So along with permissions,
I want to assign this timestamp toe my file.
Then you have to use copy stat.
Simply shuttle door copy.
Start source to a destination,
right?
No.
Let me run these and see the results.
Saudi sorts spelling mistake.
So that's previously you are back of file Timestamp is this one?
Now we are assigning this times time to I'm in this time stamp to your file.
I just observed that.
See the timestamp off your back.
Oh,
file on You are by Don Skip is same on permissions as well.
So Empire Meter data will be assigned to you.
What?
This nation fight.
Make sure that you're not copying the content off your file to your destination file.
You are giving on Lee,
But emissions,
that's here.
See,
the content off this fight is different.
Is the content and the content off?
This file is different,
right?
This file is different not to.
That's fine.
No.
Yeah,
myself.
This copy file of it is nothing.
But you know,
you can open a file using weapon are read more on.
You can write that content into some other file using right more so the file object?
What are you created?
That file opposite can be copied from one file Object to other file after using Shopify
lobster.
Just assume there you just drive it.
This logic Yes,
Operation that there is a ah file call X wiser daughter.
Txt!
I'm opening that in.
Read more and I'm creating one more file Object Some pick ur door Txt But this isn't right
more right now If you want to copy the content off your phone to,
you have to then use shut the door.
Copy File A BSEC your fun.
You have nothing.
You just drive it this No,
we are planning with one more operation that is copied three See nothing.
Is that corporate?
Three years useful to clone or copy?
Entire directory Weaker.
Suli to your destination.
Let's say suppose I'm having some calm.
Cut mine.
So if you after that Tomcat nine.
We're having different that there dis structure for that.
I'm indifferent files and folders in that right?
No,
what?
I want to please.
I want to copy that entire direct restructure into some other file.
Let's say copy three.
Let me take no source Eyes I'm going to create new source.
Grace Com Kurt seven.
Suppose no source.
Then destination.
Badly.
I'm giving under temp.
Suppose our Tom card.
Seven.
You can take any name Hungered 78 Tomcats up with some $7.
Eight.
Something like that,
Right?
No,
let me run this.
So before going to run,
let me check it.
Is there any Tom got?
Nine?
I mean something.
Come get seven are simply Tom.
Get that is your wish.
You can take any destination battery?
We don't know any Tomcat here.
No,
let me run our fight on script.
Oh,
study source.
I'm mr the Slash Here.
It's a done no check.
Tom.
Car has been created.
And make sure that it is giving entire meta data.
Whatever you're having for your source that my target,
I will be provided for your destination as well.
Using copy the operation from your shuttle Morgan?
Nothing.
I Your last point samples,
guys.
Yeah,
if you want to remove.
If you want to remove,
are directly structure records.
So,
vicar silly,
then simply you can use shuttle dot Remove three.
Simply your destination.
So I'm going to remove this part.
Only marital.
You can provide your destination order weaken.
Store your destination into some variable,
some DST variable,
and then you can use that very but otherwise directly can probably your source on this
nation parts any what operation itself so removed tree.
So it will remove the entire Barrett restructuring personally.
So suppose.
But if I run there and see the the implication you don't know Tom card here,
that's it.
So is these are the simple copy file operations with your shuttle Modern.
Okay.
Very,
very useful.
You are no upside or some line excitement site or maybe any admin,
like blah sick or dead office,
because you are going to take some backups right on.
And your database side.
Sometimes you need to create the same times term for your destination as well.
So at that time,
you can use simply copy to operation from your shuttle money.
Okay.
Okay,
guys,
Thank you for watching this video.